Add query context parameter for segment load wait (#15076)
apache/druid: docs/multi-stage-query/reference.md

| `selectDestination` | SELECT<br /><br /> Controls where the final result of the select query is written. <br />Use `taskReport`(the default) to write select results to the task report. <b> This is not scalable since task reports size explodes for large results </b> <br/>Use `durableStorage` to write results to durable storage location. <b>For large results sets, its recommended to use `durableStorage` </b>. To configure durable storage see [`this`](#durable-storage) section.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | `taskReport` |

> | `segmentLoadWait` | INSERT, REPLACE<br /><br /> Whether the controller should wait for segments to be loaded before exiting. If this is true, the controller queries the broker and waits till the segments created (if any) have been loaded by the load rules. The controller also provides this information in the live reports and task reports. If this is false, the controller exits immediately after finishing the query.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | `false` |

Reviewer: or waitTillSegmentsLoad

> | `segmentLoadWait` | INSERT, REPLACE<br /><br /> Whether the controller should wait for segments to be loaded before exiting. If this is true, the controller queries the broker and waits till the segments created (if any) have been loaded by the load rules. The controller also provides this information in the live reports and task reports. If this is false, the controller exits immediately after finishing the query.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | `false` |

Reviewer 2: seems very geared toward developers, and not the users. We can remove the fact that it queries the broker (since that is an implementation detail). 
WDYT of something along the lines:

```suggestion
| `segmentLoadWait` | INSERT, REPLACE<br /><br /> If set, the ingest query waits for the generated segment to be loaded before exiting, else the ingest query exits without waiting. The task and live reports contain the information (about ??) if this flag is set. The drawback is that the tasks stall till the segments are loaded,  however ensures that... (advantage)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `false` |
```
